# License #
This sourcecode is licensed using a [MIT License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT/ "MIT License Deed").

> Copyright (c) 2010 Knut Ahlers 
> 
> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
> of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
> in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
> to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
> copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
> furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
> The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
> all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
> IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
> FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
> AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
> LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
> OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
> THE SOFTWARE.

# Building the AIR application #

When you are building the app at the first time after the checkout you will
have to generate a certificate for signing it. A selfsigned development 
certificate can be generated by invoking `make makecert`. This will generate
a quite unsecure certificate with the password set to 'password'. Please don't 
use this for any official build!

After you got your certificate just build the app invoking `make`. This will 
put together the .air-file, assemble a XML document for the update mechanism
and put everything into your folder called 'build'.

## Customization of the build ##

To get your own URLs into the build you'll have to do some work for it:

Edit every of this files:

* 'quickurlmanager_upd.xml' (It's the Template for your update document.)
* 'vendor/update.xml' (The information for the app where to search the 
	updates)
* 'QuickURLManager.html' (The about dialog is placed here.)

And maybe there is some other work to do for your own and personalized 
version. You should find out yourself.

There are also some shell scripts in the root of the source tree. Look at them
and learn what they are doing.

